Update first_contribution.rst (#10025)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/documentation_guidelines/first_contribution.rst

   top of the page telling you that you don't have write access to this repo
   and your changes will be applied to a new branch of your repository.

>    If you do have write access to the QGIS repository, GitHub may propose creating the branch
>    directly in the main repository instead of your fork.  
>    However, to keep the repository clean, it is recommended that even contributors with write access
>    work from their forks when editing documentation.  
>    To avoid accidentally creating branches in the main repository,
>    open your fork at ``https://github.com/<YourName>/QGIS-Documentation``,  
>    navigate to the file you want to edit, and use the pencil icon to start editing. 

Reviewer: OR an alternative without tip, just a note to "writers with access"
```suggestion
   .. note:: If you do have write access to the QGIS repository, no message is displayed
    and your changes will likely be saved directly in the main repository instead of your fork.
    However, to keep the repository clean, it is recommended that even contributors with write access
    work from their forks when editing documentation.
```
